now we want to put our border on so
grabbing a color of your choice you can
do it in the same same color I'm going
to use a different color so that it is
easy for you to see
starting at the bottom going into the
same stitch where we did our two
stitches
and pulling up I'll color the slip
stitch to secure and I'm going to do a
single crochet around the border just to
neaten it off and we want to put because
we're working on an edge and it's not
like working into a North stitch
sometimes it's a bit of trial and error
so we're just working into the into the
edge there of our stitches
and as you go along if it starts to curl
up the sides you'll know you haven't put
enough stitches in because it is making
it too tight and it won't lay flat so
that's kind of a bit of hitting this you
just want to grab the stitches on the
edge
so I'm just working along I'm trying not
to pull off a big loop so we don't want
it work into there because then that'll
make that a big gap so I'm just sort of
working trying to work into the chains
that are on the on the side there there
is an exact method to do this if anybody
knows please let me know because I've
sort of always just guessed where to go
Nick to me and it's not crinkly up and
it's lying flat which is good news
nearly up to my corner
so up to the first stitch on the top row
and we just want to work three single
crochets into each corner because we're
wanting a border to go around the corner
that makes sense you don't want it to
scrunch off the corner and make it curl
over like so you want it to lay flat so
by putting in those three stitches that
is gonna make that lay flat and when we
get to our top row which would have been
the last row that we finished let me
crash at the shore this is the easy bit
just one stitch in each stitch so we're
up to the last stitch and of course I
haven't sewed my ending because I'm
actually gonna pull this apart but you
would off because you're making a
project so into that last stitch you
want to work its gonna come undone
because I haven't sown it in got to work
three single crochets because we want it
to go around the corner and just work
down the other side like we did on our
first side then you get to the end of
your border back to the beginning we
just want to slip stitch to secure and
cut our yarn and pulling up a loop
now I've decided that I am gonna say
these ending because I'm thinking that a
very special friend of mine Jessica he's
gonna love this with her Barbie doll or
some doll it is quite smooth so I went
to so in all your ends making sure it's
lying flat which it does